General Director
You don't want to take another step into the story.
I want to meet a big client in Spain later.
The secretary department is only Ninh Elementary School of Spanish.
I tried to give you a chance.
Whether you can stay or not is up to you.
I definitely can.
Show off.
I'm waiting for you to get kicked out of the house.
I don't see how you can.
The general secretary's expertise was very interesting.
All his conditions are suitable.
Good sir, we'll have a good corporation.
Have fun.
Why?
Master, let's go now.
You can send a transfer request now, and I will transfer the money directly.
You can do an internship if you want. You don't need it. I will definitely try my best to work.
There are some parts of beauty.
Easy to position.
This suit of yours is not cheap, is it?
Dress up beautiful
I don't like money lovers.
You don't love money.
So you're working for free for General Manager Gu.
The general manager likes free employees the most.
General Manager Cuban, I like the ability to be worthy of new resources.
What will you do?
General Director
Are you okay?
Don't you know how to drive?
I haven't driven much since I got my license.
Let me help you.
Get out.
I haven't taken your hand off yet.